and they're off Aaron it is taken by
redemption by the rail westerly wind on
the outside half of Bel my bukas pas
woods ribbon and my sweet lil Nora and
heading for the back stretch my boo has
pined the lead part by redemption in
second and will be up on the outside is
westerly wind Lanigan 40 supper bell and
would see ribbon my sweet Leonora into
the back stretch my boo vespa by half a
length followed by westerly wind in
second and redemption running in third
Apple bell on the outside would see
ribbon and my sweet yo Nora are the mid
back stretch my boo gaspar by lincoln
high powered by westerly wind in second
redemption by the rail and a pabellón
are moving up on the outside and woodson
ribbons and I the far turn its still my
boo a spy in the lead followed by
westerly wind in second and on the far
outside in 30 supple Bell Redemption and
would cerumen but it still my boo my
spine delayed it's my book of spy
westerly wind on the outside and
redemption moving up on the inside Apple
bell on the outside and woodson ribbon
my sweet Kenora and other published sets
westerly wind and delayed palette by my
boobs pop by Darrell Redemption moving
up on the pattern outside its westerly
winning the lead pilot by my boobs / by
the rail and redemption moving up on the
outside westerly wind followed by
redemption in the outside my book by by
the rail westerly wind and adventure on
the outside retention and dietary
westerly wind westerly wind evidential
in the outside and finally another mayor
better Abalos horse redemption
you